okay I'm doing a double new local boards
method of raising cleans and I'm
actually going to do is populate my
nooks that way
just let him make Queens take them off
of here and put them somewhere else what
I did here is you can see there's an
entrance the top there to the double new
vent top and there's an entrance right
here to the double Duke on top and they
need to find but eventually they'll find
them that a double old new cloak board
is basically a queen excluder and it
forces the young bees to come up to
nurse the uncapped brood that I put up
there on each side of that double loop
and then tomorrow I'm going to come and
I got boards at site in these two
entrances I'm gonna close them after I
put a frame of eggs so three day or less
larvae up there I'm gonna close the tote
board so the bees from the bottom
existing donor hive can't get up to that
top double nuke and that I make up think
they're tweeting this and I'll start
building clean cells and then eventually
I'll pull out those boards and this
whole hive will finish the Queen cells
and once they're capped I can pull this
double new drop and probably gonna put
it over there in that corner and
that way they'll make their own Queens
and I'll have my double nuke starting so
it looks like a couple were checking it
out huh oh yeah then when I block off
that quote forward tomorrow I want to
pull out that original entrance that way
they can still get in the bottom hole
this one's the board doing this
hopefully that backs it off and they'll
do good you know
so anyway I'm gonna stay out here a bit
make sure they find good over entrance
okay and then I also did my inspections
today that end one there was two frames
of the Queen salt from nuke from Jamie
Strauss key and I saw the Queen so she's
doing good in there
the one next to it is the nuke from
Jamie this travesty and that one has a
whole bunch I can't brood nice pattern
and again this one's the AWS package
Italians that I'm trying to do the
double nuke split I think both were
split and they're off awesomely
populated because you can see all the
bees coming back for doing that can't
find these their entrances anyway we'll
get away from that height a minute
that's one I got to go in yet see if I
can add a super that I have number two
there's that swarm
bunch of cat brood wonderful pattern so
swarm has definitely got a queen and
then on the end is my two year surviving
stock which is the next one I'm gonna do
the cloak board method they have to fold
supers a honey already and this is what
Friday the 13th in May so I added that
third super there so I'll be able to
take some honey off of there in the next
week or do I think I cover that off
check this out one more time
who's filing an insurance still any
following it but that's okay they'll
find it
you